1.	In one word describe your greatest strength.
    Persistence

2.	What two or three things are most important to you in your job?
    1.Understanding of user requirement, 
	2.Emotional Intelligence (EQ), 
	3.Teamwork 

3.	What responsibilities did you like most and least in your last job? Why?
    I got chances not only in application development 
	but also in research for cryptograpy and security things. 
	And I also got chances to do job for data analysis. 
	Because of those opportunities, I gain confidence for my knowledge and skills.

4.	Describe one example where your actions led to improved quality of your organisation’s product or service.
	One of my previous company providing software services to Great Eastern Insurance company.
	So I created E-commerce system for them.
	Using that system they can sell and buy the products in more convenient way.

5.	What do you see yourself doing five years from now?
	I am trying to improve my software engineering skills and leadership skils in every days.
	So, I believe I will be the person who can lead and guide to some organisation in next five years.
	
6.	What makes you stand out / why should we hire you?
	I am providing software services for customers who are from financial industry, 
	such as bank and insurance companies in Singapore. 
	So I have played with data security and data analyzing in most of the time. 
	Having 10 years of experiences in software development life cycle. 
	Developed the applications with strong programming skills, design and analysis experiences. 
	Possess application security knowledge and teaching experiences in programming. 
	So I hope that I can also provide you better applications and solutions using my knowledge and skills.


Coding

7.	What reasons require Refactoring of code? 
	When we want to do below things, we need to do refactoring.
	-to improved code readability and reduced complexity
	-to improve source-code maintainability
	By doing refactoring, we can reduce the risk of introducing errors.

8.	How would you measure the quality of source code?
	1.How much percentage it can fulfill user requirement (eg. system functionality)
	2.Security vs Performance 
	3.Robustness
	4.Scalability
	5.Maintainability 	
	
9.	What do you feel is the most promising new technology in web / software development and why?
	Web API is the most promising technology.
	Because a web-based application is not enough to reach it's customers today.
	To expose service data to the browsers and as well as all these modern devices apps in fast and simple way, 
	we should have an Web API which is compatible with browsers and all these devices.
